### What I Learned
- I watched this movie on the [Scopes Monkey Trial](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scopes_trial) on whether Christian schools should be allowed to penalise teachers for teaching evolutionary theory. It was interesting talking to others about their opinion on this. One person told me that the people who tried to prohibit evolutionary theory were simply being irrational since they just believed what religious leaders told them. I thought things weren't that simple after having just taken a quantum physics course. Throughout the course, my instructor told me incredulous (and literally illogical) things about certain experiments that I'd never done. I simply had faith that what he had was true instead of trying to verify for myself. This action taken is the same as the people depicted in the movie who believed what religious leaders told them about evolutionary theory being false without trying to verify for themselves. Ie. The conflict isn't caused by one set of people being irrational while others are rational; most people are simply going about their lives using faith without exercising rational thinking since this is easy/efficient. The conflict is caused by people using faith with different sources of information (and to different extents as the amount of contrary evidence grows). I think the conclusion of this helps bring a little more empathy to the debate and can help people find more effective arguments on the topic.
- Another movie I watched was [The Judgement at Nuremberg](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055031/) (shot in 1961) about trials to prosecute some judges in the Nazi Reich. I found this film very intriguing since it showcased what I think Oppenheimer failed to capture; the monumentally difficult and ethically ambiguous decisions faced by a few key individuals throughout history. The main question was whether it would be just to penalise judges for prosecuting inhumane laws that killed jewish, disabled, and other marginalised citizens in Nazi Germany, given that they took some part in these actions but did not directly orchestrate them. The question is anything but clear and I find it awe-inspiring to think about the gravity of being charged with making such a decision. One of the quotes that stays with me from the ending of the movie captures how I felt after watching: ""It is logical, in view of the times in which we live. But to be logical is not to be right. And nothing on God's earth could ever make it right.""
- After exams, I watched a TV show for the first time in a long while :D It was Hell's Hotels and Hell's Kitchens by Gordon Ramsey. One interesting thing was that restaurants and hotels usually weren't failing primiarly due to food/hospitality factors. It was almost always everyday human issues like the owners being micromanaging, conflict-prone, unempathetic, uncooperative etc. that caused the most problems. It's honestly interesting to note despite the cliche drama TV: the biggest problems in multiple industries are caused by unsuitable people skills. Fixing those can take a place from failing to passable.

### What I Did
- Finished a research position where I implemtented a coherent cache. It was a good learning experience to think about all the separate components that need to work together in order to enable it. Though it's really vexing to work with hardware tools with 0 documentation, so I'm somewhat glad I'm done.
- Learning about reinforcement learning for a research position over the next 4 months. We'll be working on applying RL to the FPGA place and route problem (how to connect different hardware components together in efficient ways). [Ongoing notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HHDOCSLnzRfgfVFGCkzYwu9yj5Z_DPTX7fWwOHOl9oI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.mnaigl461uft). 
- Finished exams season at the university and finished a hiring cycle for the next cohort of projects on my design team. A mix of fun and useful projects, from RL-controlled toy cars to AI-enabled video editing assistants!
- Travelled to Newfoundland. They have [very pretty houses](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jgG1_JykbRoW9fzPbWHulwhKpFgcwMwV/view?usp=sharing), very polite people, and very bland food :D I've now travelled to all of Canada's provinces so I'm in a lucky position to have those opportunities.